Russia, the largest country in the world, occupies one-tenth of all the land on Earth.
It spans 11 time zones across two continents (Europe and Asia) and has coasts on three oceans (the Atlantic, Pacific, and Arctic).
The Russian landscape varies from desert to frozen coastline, tall mountains to giant marshes.
Much of Russia is made up of rolling, treeless plains called steppes.
Siberia, which occupies three-quarters of Russia, is dominated by sprawling pine forests called taigas.
Russia has about 100,000 rivers, including some of the longest and most powerful in the world.
It also has many lakes, including Europe's two largest: Ladoga and Onega.
Lake Baikal in Siberia contains more water than any other lake on Earth.

Laptop is a portable computer (which can be brought anywhere) and it is integrated in a casing.
In general , this laptop has a weight ranging from 1 to 6 kilograms , depending on the size , material and specifications of the laptop itself.
Laptops are designed to be used in mobile with its small size and light weight enough to be put on one’s lap while in use.
A laptop has integrated with most of the typical components such as desktop computers.
The screen that used in laptop is the LCD ( Liquid Crystal Display) which typically measuring 10 inches to 17 inches depending on the size of a laptop.
The battery that can charge as this laptop is usually storing energy to be used for two to three hours in its initial state.

On average, cats sleep 16-18 hours a day.
Although there is a common perception that cats love milk, most of them are lactose intolerant and should not drink cow's milk.
While this is hard to notice in a closed environment, cats can actually run up to 30 miles per hour.
They can also jump seven times their height.
Cats' whiskers are not just for show.
They serve to help cats navigate in the dark and detect objects.
Touching each other noses in cat language means greeting, like when humans shake hands.

WWII was not only fought in Europe.
In total WWII claimed the lives of approximately 60 million people.
WWII started on 1st September, 1939.
WWII ended on 2nd September, 1945.
The war was against The Allies and The Axis.
WWII in Europe finished when Germany surrendered.
WWII is known as the "Great Patriotic War" in Russia.
The Soviet Union lost at least 26 million in WWII, Considerably more than any other country.